.\" chgrep man page
.if !\n(.g \{\
.	if !\w|\*(lq| \{\
.		ds lq ``
.		if \w'\(lq' .ds lq "\(lq
.	\}
.	if !\w|\*(rq| \{\
.		ds rq ''
.		if \w'\(rq' .ds rq "\(rq
.	\}
.\}
.de Id
.ds Dt \\$4
..
.Id $Id: chgrep.1,v 1.0 2002/04/16 20:41:01 bartekk Exp $
.TH CHGREP 1 \*(Dt "Project"
.SH NAME
chgrep \- change oldpattern to newpattern
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B chgrep
.RB [ \-en/w ]
.RB [ \-dhilqrsv ]
.RB [ \-t\ filename]
.RB OLDPATTERN
.RB NEWPATTERN
.RI [ file .\|.\|.]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B Chgrep
searches the input
.B files
(or standard input if no files are named)
for oldstring and changes them to newstring. If some
.B file
and
.B file.lock
exist then
.B chgrep
leaves both files unchanged. You can write NEWPATTERN
as "NULL" to clear OLDPATTERN, i.e.
"chgrep oldstring NULL somefile.c".
.PP
.TP
.BR \-d
Don't change modification times of altered files.
.TP
.BR \-e
Extended-regexp.
.TP
.BR \-h
Print the version number of
.B chgrep
to standard output.  This version number should
be included in all bug reports (see below).
.TP
.BR \-i
Ignore differences in case at OLDPATTERN.
.TP
.BR \-l
Leaves copy of old file unchanged in filename.lock
.TP
.BR \-n
Treat <newline> as a regular character.
.TP
.BR \-q
Quiet mode (no output at all).
.TP
.BR \-r
Read all files under each subdirectory, recursively.
.TP
.BR \-s
Simulation mode.
.TP
.BR \-t
Use not default file.lock for caching.
.TP
.BR \-v
Prints to standard output diagnostic informations.
.TP
.BR \-w
Doesn't recognize regexp in OLDPATTERN. This option
accelerates the whole process. Incompatible with \-e
and/or \-n.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.PP
Normally, exit status is 0 if no errors were found,
and 1 if some errors were found. The
.B \-v
option helps to understand the sense of the exit status.
.SH BUGS
.PP
Email bug reports to
.BR bartek@bmk.bz .
Be sure to include the word \*(lqchgrep\*(rq somewhere in the
\*(lqSubject:\*(rq field.
.\" Work around problems with some troff -man implementations.
.BR
